# The Flemmards - Meeting Minutes

## Sprint #3

### Meeting #3

**Date:** October 31st 2025
 
**Time:** 8:30 PM

**In Attendance:**
Elliot Boismartel, Omar Dbaa, Nameer Hanif, Curtis Moxebo, Nihit Patel, Bijoy Sengupta, Mostafa Maraie, Hesham Rabie

**Goal of Minutes:**
The goal of the meeting was to have a short meeting once again to review the progress towards Sprint 3 to see progression and to fix bugs.
 
**Reports:** 
- Connected QR code frontend with backend.
- Organizer frontend connected with backend with fixes (added missing backend API: getEventsByUserRegistrations)
- Checked progress in comparison to tasks remaining:
  - On track to finish on time
  - Almost all of the requirements for Sprint 3 completed.

**Next Meeting:**
The next meeting is scheduled for Sunday, November 2nd. During this meeting, the team will review progress and finalize changes. The team will ensure that the core features are functional with both the frontend and backend working together aswell as the database. The team will also make sure that all tasks for Sprint 3 are completed.