# The Flemmards - Meeting Minutes

## Sprint #4

### Meeting #3

**Date:** November 20th 2025
 
**Time:** 8:45 PM

**In Attendance:**
Elliot Boismartel, Omar Dbaa, Nameer Hanif, Curtis Moxebo, Nihit Patel, Bijoy Sengupta, Mostafa Maraie, Hesham Rabie

**Goal of Minutes:**
The goal of the meeting was to have a short meeting once again to look at the progress towards Sprint 4, and to address issues.
 
**Reports:** 
- Nameer showed all the Unit, System, Integration tests to be working and complete, aswell as the workflows on GitHub that were working.
- Curtis showed all of his frontend component tests and hooks tests that were working as intended.
- Curtis also showed the restructuring of the directories to make the project more clear and readable.
- Other team members showed the tasks they were working on for sprint 4, such as updating the documnentation, and cleaning up code.
- Progress towards completing all the tasks for Sprint 4 on track with the deadline. 

**Next Meeting:**
The next meeting is scheduled for Sunday, November 23rd. During this meeting, the team will finalize changes and ensure that the entire project is polished and complete. The team will ensure that all features and tests work perfectly, make sure that all documentation is up-to-date and that the GitHub Repo is well-organized. The team will also make sure that all requirements are met for Sprint 4. Finally, the team will discuss about the presentation of the project and final report.